---
title: this is my first entry
date: 05-25-2025
---
Today, to some extent, I've made progress towards my first ever hand-coded blog. This is something I've dreamt of doing since 2020, but didn't have the faith that I could! I used to blog on a secret Tumblr account for the longest time, and in my darkest hours, I'll still use it at the peak of my distress (because who can really hand write on a piece of paper at their desk when they're bawling their eyes out???). In some ways, I'm keeping this as impersonal as I can because there's only so much you would want people in your life to know. Maybe that's why neocities are kept with the user's identity basically unknown. I don't think anyone in my personal life would find me if I shared my website across different neocities because no one I know is interested in sitting at their computer and surfing the web like that. That doesn't make me feel lonely though because this is a platform that I feel like is wholly mine. I've made websites before, but they always felt like they were only halfway there to what I truly wanted to accomplish one day. 

### This is the progress in website-making I've made over my life:

1. Started on Tumblr as everyone does with templates I would find around the internet. I barely modified them though and thought changing my favicon was the most unique thing ever.
2. Made my first online portfolio on Wix. It was so freaking crazy, but I also thought it was the coolest looking website. It mostly had my tacky Instagram edits that I made.
3. Recreated my portfolio on Webflow. I feel like I got pretty complex with the capabilities on Webflow, so this was a website I was very proud of. I felt like a really good designer...
4. Worked on my first HTML/CSS website for a class project. I made mine about the books I read. It was during COVID and I had so much time to web surf that I discovered what the 'small web' was. I was addicted and inspired. The website is so basic, but I still love it so much. It had some secret pages and a cute layout. My TA gave me an A+ and wrote the most appraising email about my project. Though it was literally a GE class and not related at all to design or coding, I felt like I got some validation that I am good at what I do...
5. Created another evolution of my portfolio also with HTML/CSS. It's not scalable at all, but how satisfying it was to actually say I coded it myself when people asked for advice on where I made my website. I am so bad at coding, but I would say it is an obscure skill for most designers.
6. Took a long hiatus because I got a full time job so I could finally stop remaking my portfolios. But THEN I discovered Framer and decided to do it all over again. This is still a developing website of mine, but I love it. Even though it's not hand coded, it has the embodiment of a neocity (albeit a very structured and usable one). I tried to make each page unique and was very anti-corporate with the design...as much as I could afford to do. I love this website and haven't really shared it anywhere but on my LinkedIn. How discouraging it is that only recruiters will see my yearlong artistic effort. And also, I think I got pretty fancy with it on Framer too :p
7. Picked up my neocity that I started in 2020 but never did anything with. I'm starting with my diary section because it's the one that I think will be most important to me. I also started a coding class to really kickstart my entry back into coding because the last time I did it was four years ago (bullet point #5).
